.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH OMNIMAPPER 8 "30 Apr 2007"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
omniMapper \- Simple proxy for CORBA naming service from omniORB
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B omniMapper
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B omniMapper
command.
.PP
.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
\fBomniMapper\fP is a simple daemon which listens on port 2809 (or any
other port) and redirects IIOP requets for configured object keys to
associated persistent IORs.  It can be used to make a naming service
(even an old non-INS aware version of omniNames or other ORB's naming
service) appear on port 2809 with the object key \fINameService\fP.
The same goes for any other service you may wish to specify, such as
an interace repository.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
For a complete description, see the HTML pages included in the
omniorb4-doc package.
.TP
.BI \-port \ port
This allows you to choose a port other than 2809 to listen on.
.TP
.BI \-config \ config_file
This specifies a location for the configuration file.  The default
name is \fI/etc/omniMapper.cfg\fP.
.TP
.BI \-v
\fBomniMapper\fP does not normally print anything; this option makes
it verbose so it prints configuration information and a record of the
redirections it makes to standard output.
.SH CONFIGURATION FILE
The configuration file is very simple.  Each line contains a string to
be used as an object key, some white space and an IOR (or any valid
URI) that it will redirect that object key to.  Comments should be
prefixed with a \fI#\fP character.  For example:
.br
    # Example omniMapper.cfg
.br
    NameService         IOR:000f...
.br
    InterfaceRepository IOR:0100...
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR omniNames (8).
.br
The programs are documented fully by the HTML documentation in the
omniorb4-doc package.
.SH AUTHOR
omniMapper was written by Duncan Grisby <duncan@grisby.org>
.PP
This manual page was written by Floris Bruynooghe
<floris.bruynooghe@gmail.com>, for the Debian project (but may be
used by others).
