.TH nameclt 1 "7 May 97" "ORL"

.SH NAME
nameclt \- Naming Service client

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nameclt
[-ior <object-reference>]
[-advanced]
<operation>

.SH DESCRIPTION
The nameclt command invokes operations on the Naming Service.  The allowed
operations are:
.RS
.IP list\ <context-name>
lists contexts and objects bound in the context with the specified name.
.IP bind_new_context\ <context-name>
binds name to a new context, and returns the stringified context IOR.
.IP remove_context\ <context-name>
unbinds and destroys the named context, as long as it is empty.
.IP bind\ <object-name>\ <stringified-IOR>
binds name to object.
.IP unbind\ <object-name>
unbinds name and object.
.IP resolve\ <object-name>
returns stringified IOR bound to specified name.
.RE

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-ior NameService-object-reference
Use the given stringified IOR as the "root" context of the naming service.  By
default, nameclt uses the object reference returned by calling
CORBA::ORB::resolve_initial_references("NameService").
.TP
.B \-advanced
Allow advanced operations.  These are operations which should not normally need
to be used.  They may however be useful for testing the naming service and also
for cleaning up in the event of a client messing up the namespace.  The
operations are:
.RS
.IP bind_context\ <context-name>\ <stringified-IOR>
binds name to context.
.IP rebind\ <object-name>\ <stringified-IOR>
binds name to object even if binding already exists.
.IP rebind_context\ <context-name>\ <stringified-IOR>
binds name to context even if binding already exists.
.IP new_context
returns stringified IOR for a new context.
.IP destroy
destroys the naming context given with -ior flag.
.RE

.SH SEE ALSO
omniNames(1)

.SH AUTHOR
Tristan Richardson, ORL (Olivetti & Oracle Research Laboratory)
