.TH obuildtree 1 "25.10.96" "ORL"
.SH NAME
obuildtree \- create an OMNI build tree
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B obuildtree
.br
.B obuildtree
[-b \fIbaseomnitree\fP] [-p \fIplatform\fP] [-d \fIdest\fP] [-e \fIexport\fP]
[-i \fIimport\fP]... [-s \fIsource\fP]...

.SH DESCRIPTION
The
.B obuildtree
command creates a build tree for use with the OMNI development environment.  If
given no arguments it prompts for the information it needs about the build
tree.  This includes the platform name, the name of the destination directory,
the base OMNI tree, which import trees it imports from, whether it has an
export tree and whether it has any source trees.  Most of the questions have
sensible defaults.  If any source trees have been specified then
.B obuildtree
will also offer to create a shadow of each of them by running
.B oshadow.

Alternatively options can be given to specify information on the command line.
Information is not prompted for in this mode.  Any information missing from the
command line will be filled in with appropriate defaults.

Note that the base OMNI tree will always be the final import tree, and that if
an export tree is given then this will also be the first import tree.

.SH ENVIRONMENT VARIABLES
.TP 5
.B OMNI_TREE
specifies the default base OMNI tree to use
.TP
.B OMNI_IMPORT_TREES
specifies standard import trees.  When run interactively
.B obuildtree
will offer to import from trees listed here.  This variable is ignored when
command line options are given.
.TP
.B GNUMAKE
should be set to the command needed to run GNU make if this is different from
.B make

.SH SEE ALSO
.BR oshadow (1)
.BR omake (1)

.SH FILES
.TP 5
.B <destination>/config/sources
contains a list of the source trees
.TP
.B <destination>/config/config.mk
is the makefile which
.B omake
will use when building inside this tree.  It pulls in make variables and rules
from the import trees and includes the dir.mk for each directory.

.SH AUTHOR
Tristan Richardson, ORL
