.TH omniidl2 1 "04.03.98" "Olivetti & Oracle Research Laboratory"
.SH NAME
omniidl2 \- omniORB2 idl compiler
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B omniidl2
[ options ]* file [file]*
.SH DESCRIPTION
The omniidl2 command invokes the omniORB2 idl compiler. It takes CORBA IDL
definitions from the input file(s) and produces C++ stubs. For each input
file, two files are produced: a header and a stub. Together they provide the
basis to implement CORBA objects with interfaces defined in the IDL
definitions. By default, these files are named by appending suffix
.B .hh
and
.B SK.cc
to the base name of the input respectively. These suffixes can be changed
by command line options (see below).

If option
.B -a
is specified then a third file is generated (with default suffix
.B DynSK.cc
) which contains code for TypeCodes and type Any.

This idl compiler produces stubs that conform to the IDL to C++ language
mapping defined by the CORBA specification version 2.0.

The input files are processed by the CPP preprocessor before they are
parsed by the compiler.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 15
.B \-Dname[=value]
defines name for preprocessor
.TP
.BI \-E
runs preprocessor only, prints on stdout
.TP
.BI \-I\ dir
includes dir in search path for preprocessor
.TP
.BI \-U name
undefines name for preprocessor
.TP
.BI \-V
prints version information and exits
.TP
.BI \-s\ suffix
specifies non-default suffix for stub file
.TP
.BI \-h\ suffix
specifies non-default suffix for header file
.TP
.BI \-u
prints the usage message and exits
.TP
.BI \-v
traces compilation stages
.TP
.BI \-w
suppresses IDL compiler warning messages
.TP
.BI \-l
generates code required by LifeCycle service
.TP
.BI \-a
generates code required by type any

.SH ACKNOWLEDGEMENT
The compiler front end is based on the source code donated by SunSoft,
Inc., Mountain View, California, to OMG. The release is identified by the
version number 1.3.

.SH AUTHOR
Sai-Lai Lo, Olivetti \& Oracle Research Laboratory
